README.md, before:

# About Power-Apps-Portal-WET
The purpose of this Power Apps Portal template is to be able to easily implement the WET CDTS layer of the Canada.ca or intranet.canada.ca themes into a Power Apps Portal solution.

This will ensure that a Power Apps Portal App uses this template will be accessible, usable, interoperable, mobile friendly and multilingual.

# Install Instructions:
## Step 1: Clone the repo

## Step 2: Install Microsoft Power Platform CLI
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/powerapps-cli

## Step 3: Upload portal content
### Open Power Shell
### Auth
pac auth create --url https://Myorg.crm3.dynamics.com
### Upload
pac paportal upload --path "C:\portals\tc-wet-cdts---tc-wet-cdts"

## Step 4: Point your portal to the new template
In the Portal Management app, change the 'Website' for the components below.
### Website Header and Footer
Websites -> Your website -> Change 'Header Template' to 'WET4 - Header' and 'Footer Template' to 'WET4 - Footer'
### Portal Languages
- English. Change the Code to 'en'
- French. Change the Code to 'fr'
> ⚠️ **fail to set up the languages and their codes will result the header now showing.** You may have duplicate English and French records. Please delete the unused ones (usually the 2nd ones in your list).
### Site Settings
- DateTime/DateFormat
- WET4 - IsApplication
- WET4 - IsExternal
- WET4 - Version

### Content Snippets
- WET4 - breadcrumbs
- WET4 - menuLinks. By default, it's using the 'Primary Navigation' Web Link Sets.
- Head/Bottom. Please select the right Website language.

### Web Templates
- WET - Header
- WET - Footer
- WET - Page Header
- WET - Full Page without Child Links
### Page Template
- WET4 - Page with title

## Step 5: Update the page template for existing Web Pages

# Q&A
## I don't see the header and get error on console 'wet is not defined'.
Check if 'English' and 'French' is setup and their code is 'en' and 'fr'.
## Where to change WET version?
Content Snippets -> Head/Bottom
## Where to enable/disable IsApplication?
Content Snippets -> Head/Bottom -> Set isApplication to false. Do not forget to change the French one as well.
## How do I create my own menu?
Content Snippets -> menuLinks. It's in json format.

Commit message:

Added preFooter for version and modifed date

README.md, after:

# About Power-Apps-Portal-WET
The purpose of this Power Apps Portal template is to be able to easily implement the WET CDTS layer of the Canada.ca or intranet.canada.ca themes into a Power Apps Portal solution.

This will ensure that a Power Apps Portal App uses this template will be accessible, usable, interoperable, mobile friendly and multilingual.

# Install Instructions:
## Step 1: Clone the repo

## Step 2: Install Microsoft Power Platform CLI
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-apps/developer/data-platform/powerapps-cli

## Step 3: Upload portal content
### Open Power Shell
### Auth
pac auth create --url https://Myorg.crm3.dynamics.com
### Upload
pac paportal upload --path "C:\portals\tc-wet-cdts---tc-wet-cdts"

## Step 4: Point your portal to the new template
In the Portal Management app, change the 'Website' for the components below.
### Website Header and Footer
Websites -> Your website -> Change 'Header Template' to 'WET4 - Header' and 'Footer Template' to 'WET4 - Footer'
### Portal Languages
- English. Change the Code to 'en'
- French. Change the Code to 'fr'
> ⚠️ **fail to set up the languages and their codes will result the header now showing.** You may have duplicate English and French records. Please delete the unused ones (usually the 2nd ones in your list).
### Site Settings
- DateTime/DateFormat
- WET4 - IsApplication
- WET4 - IsExternal
- WET4 - Version

### Content Snippets
- WET4 - breadcrumbs
- WET4 - menuLinks. By default, it's using the 'Primary Navigation' Web Link Sets.
- WET4 - prepreFooter. App version and modified dat on bottom of the page.
- Head/Bottom. Please select the right Website language.

### Web Templates
- WET - Header
- WET - Footer
- WET - Page Header
- WET - Full Page without Child Links
### Page Template
- WET4 - Page with title

## Step 5: Update the page template for existing Web Pages

# Q&A
## I don't see the header and get error on console 'wet is not defined'.
Check if 'English' and 'French' is setup and their code is 'en' and 'fr'.
## Where to change WET version?
Content Snippets -> Head/Bottom
## Where to enable/disable IsApplication?
Content Snippets -> Head/Bottom -> Set isApplication to false. Do not forget to change the French one as well.
## How do I create my own menu?
Content Snippets -> menuLinks. It's in json format.
